Final updates (#90)
WayScience/NF1_SchwannCell_data_analysis: 3.assess_generalizability/README.md

# Assess generalizability of the model

> In this module, the model is applied to a new "holdout" plate (another plate of data that the model has never seen), which includes wild-type (WT) and Null genotype cell lines from the original plates the model was trained on and new WT and Null genotype cells lines.

Reviewer: I might not be interpreting this correctly, so maybe stick with your version. If I am, you could consider clarifying this as follows:
```suggestion
In this module, the model is evaluated on new "holdout" plate morphology data with new cell lines not in the training or validation datasets as well as the same cell lines found in these datasets. The "holdout" plate dataset includes cell lines with both the wild-type (WT) and Null genotypes present in all datasets.
```

Author: This works!

Assessments include:

> 1. Generating precision-recall curves of the final and shuffled models applied to each cell line to evaluate performance.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Generating precision-recall curves of the final and shuffled models applied to each cell line to evaluate model performance.
```

Author: 👍

> 2. KS-statistic test to determine how different the features are between the two cell lines.

Reviewer: Consider mentioning the type of features here (e.g. single-cell morphology)

Author: Fair, I will add!

> 3. Area under the curve of the receiver operating characteristic curve for a model trained on quality controlled data and not to assess importance and generalization of each model type.

Reviewer: Consider also mentioning QC data in the other lines above or removing it from this one

Reviewer: Consider mentioning what it is intended to assess rather than what it is not intended to assess

Author: Updated!
